Note that Chrome 88 will disavow opener for target=_blank links (#4255)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/bfcache/index.md

### Avoid window.opener references

> In some browsers (including Chrome) if a page was opened using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some browsers (including Chromium-based browsers) if a page was opened using
```

<code>[window.open()](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/open)</code>

> or (in Chrome [prior to version 88](https://crbug.com/898942)) from a link with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or (in [Chromium-based browsers prior to version 88](https://crbug.com/898942)) from a link with
```
